right.
Oh, I could pick, there's so many songs that come to my mind to make.
but I couldn't shake
Like 20 songs like...
I know, it's so many. I think I'll pick, probably a...
Probably the one, one by Cassiopeia called Midnight Rendezvous.
But it's like...
It's so good.
Yeah.
it's so groovy like the the groove that they have like throughout the whole song is so good
Like makes you want to dance, you know, like when I'm sitting down listening to I want to like stand up.
You know. I like it.
mmh
Yeah. And it's got such a good such a cool guitar solo, like so unique sounding.
Like it's not like any guitar solo I've heard before
It's like really interesting. It's kind of jazzy but it's like
not. It's like really dissonant, like it's hardly in the key.
It hardly place note on the key I guess. Yes.
It's really cool, though.
And the drums are super crazy.
I'd tell them to put like gospel music. I think gospels should be like
more popular again. More like... Yeah.
or like that old like Christian rock
you know from like the 60s, 70s, 80s.
I do know Keith Green.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's really good. I've seen him.  Because I think lots of people
they like... Yeah, They they only listen to the Christian contemporary music nowadays.
Or like lots of people that's like
what they think of when they think of Christian music.
But like if someone who's not a Christian hears...
some music that sounds like better than I think. Then I think
maybe they'd be more interested in being a Christian.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
Chris Franklin.
Wow.
Really?